=pod

=encoding UTF-8

=head1 NAME

Tie::RefHash - Use references as hash keys

=head1 VERSION

version 1.40

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    require 5.004;
    use Tie::RefHash;
    tie HASHVARIABLE, 'Tie::RefHash', LIST;
    tie HASHVARIABLE, 'Tie::RefHash::Nestable', LIST;

    untie HASHVARIABLE;

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This module provides the ability to use references as hash keys if you
first C<tie> the hash variable to this module.  Normally, only the
keys of the tied hash itself are preserved as references; to use
references as keys in hashes-of-hashes, use Tie::RefHash::Nestable,
included as part of Tie::RefHash.

It is implemented using the standard perl TIEHASH interface.  Please
see the C<tie> entry in perlfunc(1) and perltie(1) for more information.

The Nestable version works by looking for hash references being stored
and converting them to tied hashes so that they too can have
references as keys.  This will happen without warning whenever you
store a reference to one of your own hashes in the tied hash.

=head1 EXAMPLE

    use Tie::RefHash;
    tie %h, 'Tie::RefHash';
    $a = [];
    $b = {};
    $c = \*main;
    $d = \"gunk";
    $e = sub { 'foo' };
    %h = ($a => 1, $b => 2, $c => 3, $d => 4, $e => 5);
    $a->[0] = 'foo';
    $b->{foo} = 'bar';
    for (keys %h) {
       print ref($_), "\n";
    }

    tie %h, 'Tie::RefHash::Nestable';
    $h{$a}->{$b} = 1;
    for (keys %h, keys %{$h{$a}}) {
       print ref($_), "\n";
    }

=head1 THREAD SUPPORT

L<Tie::RefHash> fully supports threading using the C<CLONE> method.

=head1 STORABLE SUPPORT

L<Storable> hooks are provided for semantically correct serialization and
cloning of tied refhashes.

=head1 SEE ALSO

perl(1), perlfunc(1), perltie(1)

=head1 SUPPORT

Bugs may be submitted through L<the RT bug tracker|https://rt.cpan.org/Public/Dist/Display.html?Name=Tie-RefHash>
(or L<bug-Tie-RefHash@rt.cpan.org|mailto:bug-Tie-RefHash@rt.cpan.org>).

=head1 AUTHORS

Gurusamy Sarathy <gsar@activestate.com>

Tie::RefHash::Nestable by Ed Avis <ed@membled.com>

=head1 CONTRIBUTORS

=for stopwords Yuval Kogman Karen Etheridge Florian Ragwitz Jerry D. Hedden

=over 4

=item *

Yuval Kogman <nothingmuch@woobling.org>

=item *

Karen Etheridge <ether@cpan.org>

=item *

Florian Ragwitz <rafl@debian.org>

=item *

Jerry D. Hedden <jdhedden@cpan.org>

=back

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENCE

This software is copyright (c) 2006 by יובל קוג'מן (Yuval Kogman) <nothingmuch@woobling.org>.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

=cut
